Okay, so we are coming up on
how do we know if we have been
successful as content strategists here.
And this is where we begin to talk about
targets, which are quantitative or
qualitative data, that measure whether or
not our objectives have been achieved.
How many of you all have
performance targets?
Besides, I already have asked this
question and you said it was delivery for
example.
So, okay, having targets and
knowing what you're being measured,
what your performance is being measured
by beyond just I got this stuff done,
can be really useful.
And that's where asking for
that kind of vision mission goals
strategy framework can help.
It's where you begin to understand,
like where your contributions are having
an impact on bottom line stuff,
whether it's customer satisfaction,
product user satisfaction.
You are working with internal
employees on SharePoint whether or
not they quit complaining to you [LAUGH]
like we were just talking about.
So it can be any end audience that
our content is having an impact on.
So here are a bunch of sample metrics,
if the KPI is a Key Performance Indicator,
and
if the business key performance
indicator is acquiring new members,
then content priorities
are demonstrating the value.
In this instance, we're talking about
a nonprofit association provides for
professionals just entering
the professional industry.
And describing the benefits of
becoming an associated member,
if those are our content priorities within
a page or a section of the website,
what are the metrics that we
can use to describe success.
We can see who's signing
up in the website.
We can measure top houses sign up page.
We can make sure
that we've got clear membership related
calls to action where they're appropriate.
We can measure messaging about the value
for early career professionals,
we can measure user satisfaction
with our website content.
We can measure user comprehension
of benefits, membership benefits.
In here we have whether it is
quantitative, which is it's basically,
yes or no, one or zero, right?
Or qualitative,
where we are actually getting personal or
personalized input that is objective,
methods, how is it that we're accessing
this metric and measuring it and
how often are we measuring it?
So this would be an example metrics plan
associated with content performance.
Okay?
Wouldn't it be lovely to have this?
I don't know very many organizations
that have something like this,
but this is part of what
we call governance.
Okay, this is part of how somebody owns
this, and owns the performance measurement
for content and is continually providing
this information as a way to shape and
prioritize any kind of improvements or
iterations.
Okay.
Okay, this is the last exercise I was
gonna have you guys do, which is heuristic
key performance indicator, a business
goal that you can influence with content.
What I'd like to have you do instead
just to get you into this mindset,
is let's make it a little
bit broader from content.
And let's have you think about your job
activities, whatever your priority roles
are within your organization and how can
you influence a primary business goal or
key performance indicator with
your activities, with your role.
Like why do you exist?
Within your client team or
organization or how wide do you,
what kind of a role do you want
to play within an organization,
where you can have a direct impact
on a business goal or KPI, so.
And then I'd like you to think about
sort of either content or design or code
objectives, that will help you influence
the goal or the KPI that you've listed.
So can we just take a minute, this will be
a nice thing to send you guys off with,
is to sort of continually look for
that meaning within your work and
to understand how and
why you exist at your organization.
How you want the role that you want to
play within a client team or organization.
And kind of get this information down,
at least just to get your
brains thinking in this method.
Okay, if you're able to do it
from a perspective of content,
awesome, that's great.
But I just wanna open it
up a little bit for you,
recognizing that not everybody is
primary roles is content here.